Verify consultant delete/update perm on asset and sensors (#1550)
FlexMeasures/flexmeasures: documentation/changelog.rst

* Add ``flexmeasures show assets`` CLI command for listing public assets and option ``--account <account-id>`` to list assets owned by a specific account [see `PR #1536 <https://github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1536>`_]
* Add toggle to show sensors stats based on selected daterange. [see `PR #1535 <https://github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1535>`_ and `PR #1543 <https://github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1543>`_]
* Scale sensor data to the lowest unit on graphs with multiple sensors and same dimension. [see `PR #1534 <https://github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1534>`_ and `PR #1544 <https://github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1544>`_]

> * Modified Account, Assent and Sensor model ACl to give consultant role more permissions as well as testcases to check if these permissions work as expected [see `PR #1539 <https://github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1539>`_ and `PR #1550 <https://github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1550>`_]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Modified Account, Asset and Sensor model ACL to give consultant role more permissions. ALso add testcases to check if these permissions work as expected [see `PR #1539 <https://github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1539>`_ and `PR #1550 <https://github.com/FlexMeasures/flexmeasures/pull/1550>`_]
```
